README.md, before:

# Dashboard

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.17.

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/). 
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to Github Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to Github Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng --help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

fea: Created components for the routes
Created the main components for the different dashboards. The code is working on the browser but the tests throw some errors compiling the templates as if not finding the routeModule.

README.md, after:

# CompanyTM Dashboard

This is a project for Udacity Senior Web Developer Nanodegree. This is just an exercise to get familiar with Angular2 and keep learning.
More info about the project coming soon...

This project is build with Angular2.

## Project requirements

You must develop a corporate dashboard application using a front-end MVC framework of your choosing. The dashboard application must contain a header (with the currently selected dashboard’s name); a menu, allowing the user to navigate between dashboards; and the primary dashboard display area. You should find, or create, your own data files in CSV and JSON formats to provide data to the dashboards. The required dashboards are:

A geospatial view, identifying the number of employees at various company locations.
A “key metrics” view, containing components displaying: the number of open issues, a line chart reflecting number of paying customers over a period of time, and a bar chart reflecting number of reported issues over a period of time.
A “data view” of all issues, with an appearance similar to a spreadsheet, that is sortable and filterable. An issue should contain the following fields:
submission timestamp
customer name
customer email address
description
open/closed status
closed timestamp
employee name

# Dashboard

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.17.

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/). 
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to Github Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to Github Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng --help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
